Install ".cs" and enter the commands below to run certain tests.
The .cs file may or may not be compatible with Sanny Builder decompiling as it was compiled with gta3script.

"P1"
"EXIT" to exit
Shows text in each drawing event (DRAW_EVENT).
This can be useful if all draw events are being called in your game.
It is common for hud mods, such as GTA V Hud and Classic Hud, to not support certain events, for example, drawing on the radar/minimap.
If you create mods, notice that the most "reliable" ones are "BEFORE_HUD", "AFTER_HUD" and "AFTER_FADE". Avoid using radar-related events and blips.

"P2"
Action command to exit (Triangle or F/Enter)
Creates a graffiti object and places it on the surface in front of the camera.

"P3"
Draws two sprites using a mask. You can move them with the numpad numbers and - +
Note that it may not work in RenderHook, its limitation.

"P4"
Creates a new script based on a label and then changes the value of a variable in that new script.
"EXIT" to close the new script.

"P5"
Simply close the test script. Note that the "child" script created with P4 is also closed.

"P6"
Starts a kind of editor to place objects in the CJ. It was programmed quickly just for testing, so its use is very poor.
To use, hold - + (on the numpad) and then press the B M P R S D H L XYZ keys where each key indicates some action.
For example holding + and pressing B increases the Bone ID, M for the model ID etc. P with X Y or Z to change the position.
You can do various combinations, like holding + together with R and X to increase the X rotation (if your keyboard can't do it, that's your problem).
You can also hold SHIFT to go up or down faster.

"P7"
"EXIT" to exit
Press Y to simulate a shot using the current weapon. It's a useful example for cover mods etc. Note that the shot always comes in front of the person, not the gun, because that's how the game works.

"P8"
"EXIT" to exit
Renders an "image" with a gradient noise. You can use + and - of the numpad with the letters that appear on the interface to adjust the parameters.
Note that this is a very heavy process not because of the gradient noise, but because, as it is just a test, 100x100 DRAW_TEXTURE_PLUS commands were used, one for each "pixel" to form the image.
Also disable SCRLog to avoid lag. Only use this to test perlin noise values.

"P9"
Test events

"P0"
Test model names (+ and - from numpad)